There's no doubt about it.
Chris built this machine to
teleport himself to Sonic's world.
Then let's use it to find him!
Unfortunately, Chris seems
to have designed the machine
so that nobody but him
could be teleported.
What?
Can't you reprogram it?
[Crying]
There is one thing.
Even though we can't teleport ourselves,
it seems we can use the machine to teleport
material objects to Sonic's world.
Really?
Yes.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
I wonder where Cream and the others
are, and how they're doing.
I hope everything's okay.
Oh!
This looks like- Ohh!
Oh...
[Phone rings]
[Snoring] [Phone rings]
Charmy, get the phone.
[Moaning]
Gah! That's not what I meant!
You better answer before they hang up.
You little-!
I already told you the check's in the mail!
Vector? Is that you?
Ah! Cream's mother! How have you been?
I'm calling because I need your help.
My agency's at your service, ma'am.
I'd like to explain the job to you in person.
Sure, we'll come over right away.
Aah!
[Laughing]
What're you laughin' at?
[Sobbing]
Hey, don't cry.
[Sobbing] Okay!
Now, where's Espio?
He's right there.
Get me the pepper mill.
Sure, boss.
[Sneezing]
[Both laugh]
Can't you buy an alarm clock?
All of this suddenly appeared out of nowhere.
Chris' family must have sent his belongings.
He's traveling in space with Cream,
and I was hoping you could deliver
these things to their ship.
And please check on Cream.
I've been worried about her.
Don't worry, ma'am.
We'll take care of it, no problem.
Vector.
What's the matter?
We can't do this job.
How come?
If you think we're cruising
the galaxy without a ship,
you're spaced out.
Where can we get a ship?
Looks like that problem's solved.
I hope you boys have a safe trip.
It looks peaceful out there.
No sign of any Metarex.
[Chuckling]
It's nice to travel in space when
you can take the time to stargaze.
They really are beautiful.
Grr.
Why don't you move your king?
Well, call me when your make your move.
I'm gonna go for a run.
Grr.
Ah!
That's check-
Huh? Where'd Sonic go?
Huh? Huh? Huh!
Hey, Sonic! It's your move!
You're not giving up are ya?
Whoa! Aah!!!
Sonic!
Whoaaaaaa!
That's just great.
Sonic can't get back, so
somebody has to go after him.
Say what? Sonic can't get back to the ship?
And he's getting farther
away from us every second.
Aah! We have to go rescue him, now!
I know, but how will we get to him?
Think of something fast,
before he's out of reach.
I've got an idea, but first
we need to find a rope!
Hang in there, Sonic. I'm comin'.
What's the matter?
We're being followed.
That ship will catch up to us soon.
Who are they?
We can't be sure yet.
But they're probably Metarex.
Our sensors aren't picking
up any weapons on the ship.
Do you know where Sonic and Knuckles are?
Sonic slipped off the ship,
so Knuckles had to take a
rocket pack and go rescue him.
Aah!
But we could've gone after
him in the Blue Typhoon!
Right now, we have to worry about
getting this ship battle-ready.
That other ship is definitely
trying to intercept us.
What if they board our ship?
We'll be ready!
I wish we knew how to use
the ship's communicator.
I guess we'll just have to surprise them.
Want a chip?
Stay out of those boxes.
Espio's right!
We was hired to deliver
that stuff, not devour it.
I'm gonna go let 'em know we're here.
Which way's the bridge?
Must be that way.
All right, everybody. Get ready.
Hello? Anybody there?
I've come to-
Aah!
Hey, watch it! Ow! Ah!
I haven't got this beat up since the
time we staked out that shark tank.
Really?
You mean those guys attacked ya?
I think it would be better if I handle this.
What a mess!
It's lucky that Metarex didn't get past us,
or it could've wrecked the whole ship.
Huh?
Uh-oh.
Aah!
Amy?
What's going on?
L-l-l-look!
[All gasp]
It's an invisible Metarex!
Let's get it!
[Pandemonium]
I am in pain.
[Panting]
Looks like you're in paint, too.
I can't believe I was discovered so easily.
I'm so humiliated, I wish I could disappear.
Maybe they'll listen to me, Vector.
You sure?
I won't let you down.
Just be sure to protect yourself, Charmy.
It's dangerous in there.
I know!
Snack time, everybody!
We've got tea and cake.
Wow! Perfect timing.
I was just starting to get hungry.
This looks delicious!
What kind of cake is it?
I call it Cream's Strawberry Cream Cake.
I made it myself.
I vote that we make Cream
the chef of the ship.
She can make cake for every meal.
[Laughing]
Did somebody say "cake?"
It's a Metarex!
Let's get it!
ALL: Yeah!
Charge!
[Pandemonium]
It's totally unfair!
We came in peace, and got torn to pieces!
Yeah, we flew across the
galaxy to help these guys.
I didn't expect a party,
but they didn't have to
treat us like piñatas!
They are most ungrateful.
But I will not step quietly
through the door of defeat.
I say we head for home, pronto.
We ain't gonna give up yet, Charmy.
The reputation of our agency is at stake,
and we're gonna do the
job we was hired to do.
We gonna board their ship again,
and this time, we'll succeed,
'cause I'm totally fired up!
And while I'm getting warmed up,
let's go cool off and think of a strategy.
I mean, there's no rush or anything, right?
Huh?
Come on. Let's take a coffee break.
[Eating noisily]
Huh? Do you see something?
Looks like the Metarex are taking off.
They're escaping?
Don't worry. I'll go stop
them in the X Tornado!
Uh!
You're really gonna go
after them all by yourself?
Relax! You said yourself that ship
doesn't have any weapons on it.
That's right!
I guess if they're retreating,
they can't be very tough.
[Sneezing]
Huh?
You know, my snout's starting
to feel kind of stuffed up.
I wonder if I'm gettin' a cold?
Maybe you're just allergic to space.
[Sneezing]
All systems ready! Now, let's go!
Catapult is set. Take off!
Hang on a minute...
That little, rickety house looks familiar.
It couldn't be!
Hey, it's okay, you guys!
We didn't know it was you!
Looks like he wants to
negotiate. Should we talk?
It's probably just some sort of ruse.
Espio's right.
I bet they're trying to trick us.
Nobody tricks me.
Hold onto your seats, boys.
We're gonna shake these turkeys. Here we go!
They're too fast.
I'll never be able to catch
them in the X Tornado.
I saw everything.
Looks like that ship's gonna be
harder to stop than you thought.
Yeah, you'll have to catch them
in the Blue Typhoon after all.
Will do!
Once you catch up to them,
try grabbing onto the hull of their
ship with the mechanical claw.
I've been wanting to use that!
Hold on, everybody.
We're gonna pull a quick 180.
Let's catch those Metarex!
Uh... correction, Chris.
That isn't a Metarex ship, after all.
Then who are they?
Aah!
What is it, Charmy?
It looks like they're
trying to chase us down.
Uh! No way!
See?
Well, uh...
I'll bust this bucket's space drive
trying to escape if I have to.
Vector, no!
[All screaming]
Aah!
Slow down, Vector!
No, speed it up!
Huh?
We stopped.
I didn't do it.
So then...
How'd we stop?
I've completed the capture, Tails.
I'm bringing the ship in.
It's Vector, Espio, and Charmy.
Their radio must be broken or something.
Huh? You mean it wasn't a Metarex?
[Nervous laughter]
We're sorry, you guys.
ALL: Sorry!
Hmm.
Well, at least it's all settled now.
We forgive you.
It was just a big misunderstanding.
Let bygones be bygones.
[All sigh]
Why don't you help us unload the
stuff Chris' family sent for him?
[All grunting with effort]
Huh?
[Giggling]
[Grunt]
They sure went to a lot of trouble.
[Grunt] I think that's everything.
Thanks, Vector.
I'll do all the unpacking and stuff myself.
Great.
Grandpa must've found a way to
teleport these things from home.
I'm sure Mom and Dad are worried about me.
They don't even know if I made it here okay.
I wish I could find a way
to tell them I'm all right.
Hey! Wait up, you guys.
Don't leave yet. Come have some tea.
We've got cake, too.
All right! Cake!
What Charmy means to say
is, we must be leaving.
Hang on, Espio.
These folks are offering
us their hospitality.
We don't want to be rude, do we?
[Laughing]
Vector, would you like thirds?
[Slurping]
You bet!
By the way, Cream.
Yes, Vector?
Creamy, I hope you'll forgive me if I
sound just like a nosey, old croc...
Huh?
But are you sure you should
be playing around in space?
I'm not playing around!
I'm helping save the universe!
I don't think you realize
what's at stake here, Vector.
We're on a mission to stop the Metarex.
It's serious business.
Maybe it is, but I think Cream's
mother wants Cream to come home.
My mother doesn't want that.
She trusts me,
because she knows that I'm
here to help my friends.
Come on, Cosmo.
Why did you say that, Vector?
Cream's mother didn't tell
us to bring the girl home.
She told us to check on her.
Yeah, that's what she told us,
but she was trying to be strong.
She was really thinking, "I'm
so worried about my little baby!
You gotta save her, Vector!
She's too young to be out there all alone!"
Hold on! Cream's mother never said that.
She thought it, and I'm a detective.
So I detected it.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome
to another episode of
"Delusional Thinking with Vector!"
We're taking Cream with us!
But, Vector-
No buts about it.
I made a solemn promise to Cream's mama,
and I ain't going back on my word.
You never made any promise.
Uh!
I made a promise.
You just didn't hear it.
[Groan]
'Cause I made it from the bottom of my heart.
This is hopeless.
I can't argue with someone
who refuses to make sense.
I'm tossing Cream into this
bag, and then we're gone.
Just look at him go, ladies and gentlemen.
He's out of control.
There's no stoppin' him.
It doesn't look like we're gonna
find any Chaos Emeralds around here.
I agree.
Since there aren't many planets around here,
the Emeralds wouldn't be drawn this way.
Why's that Tails?
Chaos Emeralds are attracted by the
gravitational fields around planets.
I see!
I think we'd better go search someplace else.
Time for us to skeddadle, folks!
Huh?
You sure you don't want to
travel with us a little?
We can use all the help we
can get battling the Metarex.
We will fight with you in spirit.
That won't do us much good.
Keep up the good work!
The galaxy appreciates your heroic efforts.
Catch ya later!
Well, that was fun.
Hey, where did Cream and Cheese go?
Huh? Cosmo was here, too, wasn't she?
They were here until Vector and
his gang showed up to say goodbye.
What do you think you're doing?
Chao chao!
You're going back to your mama.
And I am, too?
How'd you get in there?
You didn't think I was just going
to let you take Cream, did you?
Well, I'm not going to.
This don't have nothing
to do with you, missy!
[Yelling]
No stowaways allowed on this ship [Grunting]
You are taking me back,
and taking Cream, too.
[Grunting]
[Grunts]
Give it to him, Cosmo.
Chao chao!
Over here, Vector.
I want to play, too.
[Shout]
Maybe not.
Well, don't just-
What is it?
We've got company!
Huh?
I'll handle it this time.
[Grunting]
One, two, three!
[Gasping]
Well, that kind of worked.
They just broke the ship's claw.
Well, there's got to be
some way to catch them.
We can't let 'em get away with
Cosmo, Cream, and Cheese.
Let me try to get the back-up claw working.
I thought I was gonna run out of rope.
Thanks a bunch, Knuckles!
Heh!
Gotta fly! I'll see you back at the ship.
Uh... Sonic!
So, can you get it to work?
I think, but it'll take a little
ingenuity on Chris' part.
No problem.
[Knocking]
Sonic!
We were worried about you!
Think you could catch a ship
while you're out there?
Hm?
Vector took Cosmo, Cream, and Cheese.
Huh.
Come on! Give me more speed!
Huh?
You made it!
I don't know what this is about,
but Cream and the others are comin' with me!
I don't wanna to fight you, Sonic,
but I said I'd bring little
Cream back home to her mama,
and nobody's gonna stop me!
Let her go!
Or you'll be sorry!
Oh, yeah?
It's lucky for you that you're blue,
'cause nobody's gonna notice all your
bruises when I'm done whoopin' ya!
Now put up your dukes!
Whoa!
Aaaaah!
Huh!
Is this what you meant to do?
[Grunting]
Ah!
[Groaning]
There's plenty more where that came from!
Will you please stop fighting.
Don't you understand?
Only one of us can decide
what Cream should do.
CHRIS: Cosmo's right.
Cream's mom may worry about
her, and want her to come home,
and we may want her to
keep traveling with us,
but we don't get to choose what Cream does.
Only Cream can decide that.
Sorry, kid, but you know how parents are.
Believe me, Vector, I do.
But, still.
So what's it gonna be, Cream?
I want to stay here and help,
because it's important to me.
I'm sure my mom's worried,
but I'm sure she also trusts
me to do the right thing.
[Sigh]
Espio, Charmy, we're outta here.
Our mission has been accomplished, guys.
Huh?
Aren't we supposed to take Cream?
We were sent to make sure Cream was okay,
and that's what we've done.
Hey, Cream!
Yeah?
Be sure to drop your mother
a line from time to time.
I will!
[Camera shutter clicks]
[Chuckling]
[Fax machine rings]
What could that be?
Aww.
I miss you, Cream, but I know
you're doing something important.
No Chaos Emeralds in this area.
Why's that capsule here?
No!
It couldn't be!